Downloaded from
YTS.MX
NETFLIX PRESENTS
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
MONDAY. APRIL 12
CARLA. VOICE MESSAGE
MAKE YOUR CITY AN OASIS THIS SUMMER
THE INFALLIBLE
WE TALK WITH MIGUEL FLORES
"THE INFALLIBLE"
MIGUEL FLORES
THE GREAT WEATHER SHOW
Here comes Miguel
Miguel knows. Miguel gets it right
If he says so. wear a jacket
If Miguel says rain is coming
Don't be stubborn. bring an umbrella
Here comes Miguel
WITH MERY OLIVA
Miguel is here
Here comes Miguel
STORM IN BUENOS AIRES
HAIL AND TORRENTIAL RAINS
MAXI. VOICE MESSAGE.
72 UNREAD MESSAGES. 47 MISSED CALLS
PET CREMATION
BELOVED PAW PRINTS
Whether it's hot or cold
You always have the best
HOST: MERY OLIVA
If it rains. no need to worry
She'll cheer you up in a hurry
Mery's here
And so is Simón
F YOU. FLORES
RETIRE. DEAD MAN
CANCELED
RESTROOM
NATIONAL UNIVERSITY OF CÓRDOBA
THANKS. CARLA
THANK YOU FOR TAKING CARE OF ME
YOU'RE GREAT
"LIKE A RAT IN A STORM"
IS MIGUEL FLORES REALLY SICK?
CÓRDOBA HOSPITAL
PEDIATRICS
DR. CARLA FLORES
Whether it's cold or hot
You always have the best
She's not alone. she's with Simón
THE GREAT WEATHER SHOW
HOST: MERY OLIVA
Mery's here with Simón
She's beautiful. she's a star
Give Simón a kiss. it's a party
If it rains. no need to worry
We can weather the storm
Mery's here
And she's with Simón
TOTALLY CLEAR
URBAN
104.3 PLAY
THE GREAT WEATHER SHOW
AT 9:45 ON TL10
SUBWAY
BUENOS AIRES
RECOVERY AFTER HAIL STORM
DON'T LET IT GO TO YOUR HEAD
WE'LL SEE
SEE YOU THIS WEEKEND. LOVE YOU.
MIGUEL FLORES AWARDED
IN LEGISLATURE PALACE
PRESS
IN MEMORY OF PAOLA SUÁREZ
1980-2021
Subtitle translation by: Zach Beacher